# Pack 3

Source: [Data Pack 3: Consumer and Fuel Poverty impact](https://innovation.ukpowernetworks.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/Heat-Street-data-pack_3_issued.xlsx)

* 1A All stock fuel bill bands - Fraction of households in each LSOA within each heating fuel bill band, by scenario - Percentages given are the fraction of households in that LSOA paying within each fuel band in the given year and scenario. "All stock" includes the both the fuel poor and non-fuel poor stock. New builds and stock on district heating are excluded from this analysis. Fuel bills include only heating, not electricity use for lighting and appliances. 
* 2A Fuel poor fuel bill bands - Fraction of (initially) fuel poor households in each LSOA within each heating fuel bill band, by scenario - Percentages given are the fraction of fuel poor households in that LSOA paying within each fuel band in the given year and scenario. The "Fuel poor stock" is defind as those households initially fuel poor. As fuel costs shift over time for particular achetypes in reality households would move in and out of fuel poverty. However, to track impacts of the scenarios on fuel poor households we make the simplifying assumption that the households labelled "fuel poor" remain fixed over time. New builds and stock on district heating are excluded from this analysis. Fuel bills include only heating, not electricity use for lighting and appliances. 
* 3 Non-spatial summary - Summarised (non-spatial) annual domestic fuel cost by proportion within each band - % of households found within each annual fuel cost band, for the entire domestic stock, and seperately for the fuel poor stock only
